Week 1
Gathered the team, as scrum master, signed up for Jira and organized a team 
discussion and decided that we would do the Charity Connect project. 
Explore the site architecture and explore the front-end and back-end related 
technologies that might be used in the project.

Week 2
Set up Github repository, discuss user stories with group members, and have 
discussions on front-end technology framework selection. Participated in the 
story and sprint and architecture parts of the project proposal, discussed 
the basic framework of the database with the team members, and made 
performance considerations for search and recommendation. Learned front-end 
and back-end related technologies.

Week 3
Complete the sprint and architecture sections of the proposal document and 
integrate the final proposal document. Learn front-end and back-end technologies 
in Django, start coding the skeleton of the registration interface and related 
back-end parts, and complete the basic design of the database. Discussed login 
and session related technology options with Zhenyu Yang.

Week 4
I completed the basic skeleton pages for registration, login, edit profile,
public access list and public access profile, as well as the backend and
database related code for these pages. I enabled session recognition for
registered users and public users and fixed the bug of keeping login.

Week 5
I worked with Zhenyu Yang to discuss and design the message and connection
related data model and database. I migrated the new data tables to the existing
database, wrote the message list, and the views for the message reply page, and
discussed the data interface and web skeleton with the front-end lead, Weiran Li.
Completed the first half of Backend Sprint 2.

Week 6
I worked with Zhenyu Yang to discuss and design the data model and database
related to the recommendation function. I wrote the views for the recommendation
page, fixed the database bugs, discussed the data interface and web skeleton with
the front-end lead, Weiran Li, and merge the front and back-end pages for the first
half of Sprint 2. Completed the back-end part of sprint 2.

Week 7
I updated the need and provide tables for speeding up the search function queries in
sprint 3. I discussed with Zhenyu Yang and Weiran Li about the current bugs in the
front and back-end views, and fixed the bug that the list page was out of index, and
merged the updated database into the existing branch and fix the bugs caused by the
database changes. I wrote the database related views for the top sponsor and search
pages to complete the backend part of sprint 3.

Week 8
I fix the web page static resource references, rewrite the search and recommendation 
page form submission method using JavaScript, and implement form aggregation passing.
Discussed user psychology alerts and user-friendly notification display and parameter 
passing interface with the front-end lead.

Week 9
I Fix the bug of password hiding on login page, fixed the problem of adding case
uniformity of needs/provides on profile editing page, added line break function for
message and description section, solve the problem of inconsistent list display. Fix
the problem of user name display in the message page with Weiran Li. Add the function
of jumping to edit page automatically after registration and increase the url matching
robustness. Write the final report, responsible for the system architecture part and
back-end challenge part.
