Week 1

I met other teammates and we formed a group. We discussed all of the project options
and made our final decision which is "Charity Connect". And some technologies which
gonna be used at front-end and back-end are disscussed. Moreover, I enrolled Jira and Github teams.

Week 2

We had a meeting at this week and we discussed about the project details such as
website design, framework and database. Meanwhile, the proposal work is starting,
I was responsible to draw the interface and flow diagram.

Week 3

Finish the proposal document with team members this week. Learn about the front
end of Django, discuss the basics of creating a registration page and a login screen
with the front end members and get started. And within this week, we have completed
the code of the registration interface.

Week 4

Continue to develop other features in the front end, including Sign Up, Edit,
Charity_List Page, Sponsor_List Page. And it can judge the user_type at the beginning of
the user logging in the website, so as to distinguish the different functions
that different user types can achieve in the website.

Week 5

The front end continues to develop the HTML code for the page of Message.
The first version is written on the page of information details, and attempts to judge
the user's reply type: agree/disagree. And with the information list page and
the Connection page to try to complete the connection and debug and aesthetic processing.

Week 6

We assigned each person's work in the discussion of the work content for Sprint 2.
I was duty for styling our website. And went on to develop other features -- other
features, message boxes, links through sponsors/charities lists, recommendation pages.
We've implemented a card list style to make the list details page look clear and cleaner.

Week 7

Week7
Continue to beautify the theme and style of the site. We adjusted the style of the theme of the site,
as well as the font. Simple animations have been added to some cards and menu bars.
And as other features continue to be developed, we've split the message box into an Outbox
and an Inbox, and we allow each box to have two types of messages which are Solved and Unsolved.
