Week 1
Meet teammates, participated in the discussion of topics which should be choiced.
As a team member, enroll in the jira and github teams.
Explore the background and explore the front-end and back-end related 
technologies that might be used in the project.

Week 2
Join Github repository, discuss database tools and programming language with group members,
and have discussed way of some functions, such as fuzzy search and recommodations. Participated 
in the background parts of the project proposal, discussed the basic framework of the database 
with the team members, such as table numbers, and keys.Learned sqllite and back-end related technologies.

Week 3
Writed the background, analysis of current system and novelty parts in the purposal. Participated in the 
discussion of other parts. Studied djangle, html and ORM knowledges. Participated in the discussion of 
database and front-end. Co-designed the final database system and sign in system. Discussed the technology 
details about the use of session and cookies and authentical verified of log in system.

Week 4
Finishing the left work of sign in pages. Finishing the first version of sign up,edit, charity page, sponsor page.
With these four pages, i have build a complied system and simple front-end display html. The first version
of these pages include build the user type (sponsor,charity) after sign up, with different type, store the information
in different tables in databases. The edit page's information could be loaded in db. Charity pages and sponsor pages
could display user's information with seperated page nums. Furthermore, add the link from these two pages to private
details page.

Week5

Discussing with Yizhang Zou about the database functions associate with message and connects. Co-design the database table
messages and connects. Co-design the flows of sending messages,reply and build connects.
Finishing the function that sending invitiations to others (sponsor want to help charity).

Week6

Updating the database with new features in the table sponsor and chrity. Co-design the recommendations system with Yizhang Zou.
Discuss the front-end and back-end cooperate details, such as paragrams and slugs. Build a new function that show the 
connected sponsor or charity in the details page orderde by the connection times.
Testing the message and connects functions, check the connection features are working.
